README.md, before:

# TopMate-Clone

|               | TopMate-Clone                   |
|---------------|---------------------------------|
| Organization: | Texas A&M University            |
| Course:       | CSCE 606 - Software Engineering |
| Client:       | Manik Taneja                    |
| Dev Team:     | [See the Team](#Dev-Team)       |

## Running Project

> [!important]
> You must have a local postgres db running for the tests or server to run.\
> Add the configuration for your local db to config/database.yml

### Clone Repo
```
git clone git@github.com:tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone.git
cd TopMate-Clone
```

### Run Rails Server
```
bin/rails server
```

## Running Tests

cd TopMate-Clone
```
rspec
```
```
cucumber
```

Current Coverage: 84.88%

## Deployment Information

#### Deployed to Heroku
- [TopMate Clone Deployed App](https://topmate-clone-779709a9559a.herokuapp.com/)
- Postgres DB (Heroku)
- Gmail STMP Server


## Iteration Documents
### [Iteration 0](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Defined initial requirements
- Set up project tracker and repository
- Determined weekly meeting with client
- Created 20+ user stories
- Designed 4 Lo-Fi Mockups

### [Iteration 1](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Added log-in functionality
- Added forgot password screens
- Setup sending email functionality

### [Iteration 2](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Added public pages for users
- Users can edit their profiles
- Users can create services
- Users can edit their services
- Users can set their availability
- Added gmail stmp server for resetting passwords

### [Iteration 3](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Allow Service details to be viewed from the public page
- Implemented booking a service from the public page of a user
- Functionality for returning the available time slots of a users availability 
- Refactoring of UI components to provide a consistent visual model

### [Iteration 4](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Send Clients confirmation email after booking appointment
- Allow clients to edit appointments
- Users can view client appointments in dashboard
- Improved usability of dashboard and hours pages
- Improved time selections when creating appointment

## Dev Team
[Dalton Avery](https://github.com/dalton-avery)\
[Ashutosh Punyani](https://github.com/ashutoshspunyani99-tamu)\
[Braeden Smith](https://github.com/BraedenSmith29)\
[Geetesh Challur](https://github.com/geeteshtamu)\
[Zepu Ma](https://github.com/zepuma-tamu)\
[Sudhanva Rajesh](https://github.com/sudhanvarajesh-tamu)

Under the direction of:

[Dr. Philip Ritchey](https://github.com/philipritchey)\
[Tian Liu](https://github.com/tian1327)

Commit message:

Updating documentation - added GETTING_STARTED

README.md, after:

# TopMate-Clone

|               | TopMate-Clone                   |
|---------------|---------------------------------|
| Organization: | Texas A&M University            |
| Course:       | CSCE 606 - Software Engineering |
| Client:       | Manik Taneja                    |
| Dev Team:     | [See the Team](#Dev-Team)       |

## Running Project

> [!important]
> You must have a local postgres db running for the tests or server to run.\
> Visit the [Getting Started Document](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/GETTING_STARTED.md) to learn more about running and deploying the project

Current Coverage: 84.88%

## Deployment Information

#### Deployed to Heroku
- [TopMate Clone Deployed App](https://topmate-clone-779709a9559a.herokuapp.com/)
- Postgres DB (Heroku)
- Gmail STMP Server


## Iteration Documents
### [Iteration 0](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Defined initial requirements
- Set up project tracker and repository
- Determined weekly meeting with client
- Created 20+ user stories
- Designed 4 Lo-Fi Mockups

### [Iteration 1](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Added log-in functionality
- Added forgot password screens
- Setup sending email functionality

### [Iteration 2](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Added public pages for users
- Users can edit their profiles
- Users can create services
- Users can edit their services
- Users can set their availability
- Added gmail stmp server for resetting passwords

### [Iteration 3](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Allow Service details to be viewed from the public page
- Implemented booking a service from the public page of a user
- Functionality for returning the available time slots of a users availability 
- Refactoring of UI components to provide a consistent visual model

### [Iteration 4](https://github.com/tamu-edu-students/TopMate-Clone/tree/main/documentation/Fall2023):
- Send Clients confirmation email after booking appointment
- Allow clients to edit appointments
- Users can view client appointments in dashboard
- Improved usability of dashboard and hours pages
- Improved time selections when creating appointment

## Dev Team
[Dalton Avery](https://github.com/dalton-avery)\
[Ashutosh Punyani](https://github.com/ashutoshspunyani99-tamu)\
[Braeden Smith](https://github.com/BraedenSmith29)\
[Geetesh Challur](https://github.com/geeteshtamu)\
[Zepu Ma](https://github.com/zepuma-tamu)\
[Sudhanva Rajesh](https://github.com/sudhanvarajesh-tamu)

Under the direction of:

[Dr. Philip Ritchey](https://github.com/philipritchey)\
[Tian Liu](https://github.com/tian1327)
